initial-window = true
background-opacity = 0.9
background-blur-radius = 20
unfocused-split-opacity = 1.0
unfocused-split-fill =
fullscreen = false
resize-overlay = after-first
resize-overlay-position = center
resize-overlay-duration = 750ms
window-padding-x = 0
window-padding-y = 0
window-padding-balance = false
window-padding-color = background
window-vsync = false
window-inherit-working-directory = true
window-inherit-font-size = true
window-decoration = false
window-title-font-family =
window-theme = auto
window-colorspace = srgb
window-height = 0
window-width = 0
window-save-state = default
window-step-resize = false
window-new-tab-position = current
window-titlebar-background =
window-titlebar-foreground =
